mobile/README.md, before:

# Installation Guide for the Application

Experience our app by following these easy installation steps:

1. **Set Up Environment Variables:**  
   After cloning, navigate to the repository's directory and find the `.env` file. This file is where you need to set your environment variables. We've provided an example file to guide you in setting up these variables correctly.

2. **Install Expo on Your Phone:**  
   This application is built with Expo, a framework for developing universal React applications. If you don't have Expo installed on your phone, you can download it from the [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id982107779) if you're an iOS user, or from the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&referrer=www) if you're an Android user.

3. **Start the backend**  
   Instruction are provided in the appropriate folder of this monorepo.

4. **Install the Dependencies and Start the App:**  
   Once you've set up the environment variables and installed Expo on your phone, open your terminal/command prompt, navigate to the application's directory, and run `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies. After the installation is complete, execute `npm start` to run the application.

Commit message:

docs: changed default value, readme

mobile/README.md, after:

# Installation Guide for the Application

Experience our app by following these easy installation steps:

1. **Set Up Environment Variables:**  
   After cloning, navigate to the repository's directory and find the `.env` file. This file is where you need to set your environment variables. We've provided an example file to guide you in setting up these variables correctly. Alternatively, you may leave the default values from the example and use my server personal for testing.

2. **Install Expo on Your Phone:**  
   This application is built with Expo, a framework for developing universal React applications. If you don't have Expo installed on your phone, you can download it from the [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id982107779) if you're an iOS user, or from the [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&referrer=www) if you're an Android user.

3. **Start the backend**  
   Instruction are provided in the appropriate folder of this monorepo.

4. **Install the Dependencies and Start the App:**  
   Once you've set up the environment variables and installed Expo on your phone, open your terminal/command prompt, navigate to the application's directory, and run `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies. After the installation is complete, execute `npm start` to run the application.
